so I want you guys to lay down and can
you stretch your feet out completely
Joro so stretch your feet out put your
arms by your sides palms face up
let your ankles kind of fall to either
side
you
and I want you to feel the weight of
your bed I mean the body's sinking into
the bed
and I want you to notice that with each
breath your body lifts off of the bed
just a tiny bit
and with each exhalation you sink back
towards the bed
you
in with each exhalation I want you to
try to sink into the bed a little bit
more
you
imagine for a moment that the floor is
someone's opening the door that's only
like what the [ __ ] is going on follow
someone turn off the light okay
so with each breath
imagine almost like the floor beneath
you or the batter the couch is made of
mud and you're kind of like sinking into
it a little bit
you
with each breath just relax a little bit
more let your body fall into it
and now we're going to begin the
practice of yoga nidra
so I want you to take a deep breath in
and curl and tighten your toes curl Curl
Curl Curl Curl feel the tension the
energy and relax
take a deep breath in curl your toes and
then flex your ankles tighten your
ankles and toes together both of them
feel that tension and relax
thin curl your toes tighten your ankles
and then clench your calves clench
clench clench everything below the knee
and tighten and hold it and relax
breath in clench your toes your ankles
your calves and then lock your knees
Lock both of your knees and everything
beneath them feel the tension the warmth
and relax
take a deep breath in curl your toes
tighten your ankles lock your knees and
then clench your thighs tighten your
thighs tighten your thighs and your
hamstrings and relax
deep breath in clench your toes ankles
calves knees thighs hamstrings and
clench your buttocks clench clench
clench clench clench and relax
deep breath in curl your toes ankles
calves knees quads hamstrings buttocks
and then make fists fists feel the
warmth the energy the heat in all of
your legs in your lower body and hands
and relaxed
we're going to just take one plain
breath breathe in
out
just notice the residual warmth
and now we'll begin again deep breath in
toes ankles calves knees hamstrings
quads buttocks fists and then twist your
forearms twist your Forum's twist twist
twist twist twist and relax
now we're going to go again deep breath
in toes ankles calves knees hamstrings
quads buttocks fists forearms and then
curl your biceps curl curl curl feel
that heat in that energy within you feel
it tighten tighten everything hold and
relax let your arms come back by your
sides
and we'll begin again deep breath in
toes ankles calves knees hamstrings
quads buttocks fists forearms biceps and
then cloud your abdomen clench your
abdomen clench clench clench clench
clench and out
breathe in toes ankles calves knees
quads hamstrings barks fists forearms
biceps abdomen and then chest curler
Cheston curl and feel that tightness
that warmth that heat and relax
you
deep breath in toes ankles calves knees
legs buttocks fists forearms biceps
abdomen chest and then pull your back
end imagine that you have an egg that
you're trying to crack in the middle of
your back and flex your back tighten
your shoulders and out
we're going to take just plain breath
you
let yourself sink back into the floor
two more plane
relaxation
you
and now we'll begin again breathe in
toes ankles calves knees thighs buttocks
fists forearms biceps abdomen chest back
and now clench your jaw tighten your
forehead
clench your jaw tightened your forehead
feel the whole body contracting and
relax
you
and now we're going to do
final round so aren't you to take a deep
breath in toes ankles calves knees legs
buttocks fists forearms biceps shoulders
abdomen chest back jaw
forehead feel the entire feel that wave
of heat going entirely through your body
as your muscles contract is they tighten
you feel that energy that warmth that
power and then let it all out
relax
you
and now I want you to feel the person
that you are
this is you
notice the peace
yes
residual warmth
you
this is who you are
and though there may be negative
emotions within you there may be shame
there may be fear
there may be a feeling of powerlessness
all of these things are just a little
bit distant right now
and sit in the place that you are
and notice that you can come back here
when you need to
at while life or your internal
environment may be overwhelming
this places your birthright
you
and now let yourself start to come
big deep breaths
exhalation
let your body reawaken
let your mind reawaken
you
slowly open your eyes
when you're ready come on back